well
this is bad girl
so dependent right so that get out the
g-ride rain to stop pouring down now
you don't get no better than this you're
saying don't get no better than this
fuck your ardent blue boys lungs then on
top of all right I come out here nothing
no it's got fucking pulling me say but
it only right man I'll say how
coincidental is that it just makes more
perfect Center for my friends man safety
I'm like Charlie Brown now here's a
chart Brown what's one of niggas in they
always walk around with the cloud
ringing all they had man I can't even
think right now but whether that
nickname is that's me yeah don't say
just hurting man just hurting though my
boys boys they trot sumbul some of them
try telling me handle finish out there
but I take my hats off to the woods that
was rocking their rest of them things
man go suck a dick
this website right now really tight Sam
then I got listening fake-ass Bulls fan
it's a legit my auntie fans makes the
whole follow the bra befall King James
in jail / thank the fuck out
girlfriend stay with a squad with
Wallace or what man truthfully I see a
little bit of getting to say success man
let's just say I seen some good times
with the next it's a world rush it ain't
nothin had no reason to fucking
celebrate man being a Knicks fan no
darling wife fucking Jordan it was
Miller the one hand was Hardaway and
then the one now I'm motherfuckers it
was the whole decade of the 2002 watch
fucking marbre big head bobble head
bashing watch this nigga come sell us
out watch rent or sell us out you know I
Amy old frontman a little bit of time we
had keep a long maybe with Roger force
man go say but besides know you know ten
times I'm gonna get me out of the
fucked-up years man I'm getting you out
of fucked up years right now
i watch Kurt Thomas yeah I know I know
darling that respect hustle with Dina I
know y'all gonna come for my neck day
Kurt Thomas Mann you can play oh man I
mean yeah he's hit that jump shot yeah I
know that that's all I motherfuckers to
do yeah little bullshit in 1541 dealing
our shit no type of post game no type of
clothes food but you know what I'm
getting ahead of ourselves fucking we
all say right all on a really rare big
fans yo one nickfear to a mode it's all
yeah rite of da lawns and blue we give
up hope man like i was saying before
who's really out there gonna be able to
fuck with us in a couple years man
really kobe old life is about to be done
man like is about to be done boston they
might be done orlando you know what
all that thought about the Lakers
because I just got this felon man that
la is going to a scrape on Lando same
way they did 16 17 years ago when they
got chef I just got a feeling that you
know how we're gonna get on some old yo
man small city small market I'm a big
fish I need them I need a seat ain't
gonna fight Bell so if that happens I'll
a might still be in the pitches I mean
what other than that man where we glad
to rub out too much man besides Miami
are probably Atlanta I'm in a couple
years company is cp3 already let if you
know he's coming you know I'm saying and
if cp3 don't come and fuck it we'll grab
the right doing with mixed free yeah
well he's a piece no sir I know I know
Chicago I know y'all waiting to Chicago
fan yeah go ahead ship was bad oh yeah I
got it dear old I got an alleged power
forward and Boozer yeah you got a tough
rebound in know that more fucking on the
office man y'all niggas only looking
good cuz i play in the paces wait
worried about y'all man you know say oh
move damn that's my dude I like it was
dating on four motherfucking Shaka Zulu
but that nigga right there cut the kid
thing is shocking with the rock yeah
fucks with a little weight other than
that man fucking both ain't got nobody
we got worried about it'll say I got
said man as long as we do what I say we
should do mix gonna be aight man will
say mark my words man mix world champs
the next three years for the end of the
world whatever happens first man mouth
deuces